Application of the NI PCI-6014 acquisition card as the
measuring tool of a simple virtual oscilloscope

The exercise uses two input channels of the card, ACH0 and ACH8, and the
DAC0OUT output channel. Two generators should be connected to the input
channels, an oscilloscope should be connected to the output of the card.

Application of the PCI-6014 card using LabView wizards: Express
VIs

The goal of this part of the exercise is to create a simple program that allows for:
collection of data from the two mentioned input channels of the PCI-6014 card,
setting the excitation threshold for accumulated data, spectral analysis of
accumulated data, and generation of a selected signal and outputting it through the
PCI-6014 card. The following LabView elements will be required:
- While Loop with a button to interrupt its operation, providing continuous
operation of the program;
- DAQ Assistant Express VI wizard delivering data accumulated on two card
input channels;
- DAQ Assistant Express VI wizard transmitting the generated signal to the
output of the card;
- Simulate Signal Express VI wizard that generates one of the five available
types of signal;
- Trigger and Gate Express VI wizard that allows you to set the threshold
excitation, for which the signal is accumulated;
- Spectral Measurements Express VI wizard that allows you to carry out spectral
analysis of the supplied signal with the help of fast Fourier transform;
- graphs displaying individual signals.

All the wizards mentioned above work in the same way. After placing on the diagram
an Express Vi , a wizard is launched which displays one or more windows dialogs
allowing for the configuration of a given function. After the configuration is complete,
the icon corresponding to a given creator is changed and at its entrance and exit
different links appear. If it is necessary to change the configuration of a given wizard,
double-click on its icon.
After you created an empty VI, place the While Loop with a button stopping the loop.
Then, inside it, place the DAQ Assistant function from the palette tab All
Functions?Measurements I/O?NI DAQmx. DAQ Assistant is an automatic wizard
that allows for quick and intuitive software configuration so that it uses the card as
desired. After placing it on the diagram, wait until the dialog box appears in which we
choose the type of operation and the signal which we want to measure/generate. We
use analog input and voltage measurement. Then a dialog box will appear displaying
a list of available devices measurement and control channels and the channels
available to these devices. We mark both given above input channels we want to use
and we finish the wizard. In response, appears the last dialog box with the same
name as the wizard, in which you should select such parameters as sampling
frequency, number of samples collected in one run, range of input values, data
collection mode, and more. We leave default values if these parameters and close
the dialog box by pressing "OK". DAQ icon Assistant changes. It currently has a
number of inputs and outputs, the most important of which is the output data. Using
the context menu we to this output link a graphic indicator (chart) and run the
program. The waveforms should appear on the graph signals transmitted to the card
from both generators. We stop the program and modify voltage range settings for
individual channels, the number of collected points or sampling frequency, then
restart the program.
The signal we observe is not stable. If we want it to become so it is necessary
to establish the so-called trigger threshold. This threshold is the voltage that must be
appear on a given input channel of the card for data accumulation to be performed
(triggered). Because the DAQ Assistant function in the configuration we use does not
allow for setting of the trigger threshold, the data outputted by it are accumulated
continuously thus successive voltage values appear on both output channels of the
card. If we want the data to be shown on the chart only when their voltage value