Application of the  NI  PCI-6014  acquisition card
the  measuring   tool    of    a   simple  virtual
The exercise uses two input  channels of the card,
and ACH8,  and  the  DAC0OUT  output  channel. Two
should be  connected  to  the  input  channels, an
should be connected  to  the  output  of the card.
of  the  PCI-6014  card   using  LabView  wizards:
VIs The goal of this  part  of  the exercise is to
a simple program  that  allows  for: collection of
from the  two  mentioned  input  channels  of  the
card,  setting  the    excitation   threshold  for
data, spectral analysis  of  accumulated data, and
of a selected  signal  and  outputting  it through
PCI-6014  card.  The  following  LabView  elements
be  required:  -  While  Loop  with  a  button  to
its operation, providing  continuous  operation of
program;  -  DAQ   Assistant   Express  VI  wizard
data accumulated on  two  card  input  channels; -
Assistant  Express  VI   wizard  transmitting  the
signal to  the  output  of  the  card;  - Simulate
Express VI wizard that  generates  one of the five
types of signal;  -  Trigger  and  Gate Express VI
that allows you to  set  the threshold excitation,
which  the  signal  is   accumulated;  -  Spectral
Express VI wizard  that  allows  you  to carry out
analysis of the supplied  signal  with the help of
Fourier transform; -  graphs displaying individual
All the wizards mentioned  above  work in the same
After placing on the  diagram  an  Express  Vi , a
is launched which  displays  one  or  more windows
allowing  for  the   configuration    of  a  given
After the  configuration  is  complete,  the  icon
to a given creator is  changed and at its entrance
exit different links  appear.  If  it is necessary
change  the  configuration  of   a  given  wizard,
on its icon. After you  created an empty VI, place
While Loop with a button  stopping the loop. Then,
it, place  the  DAQ  Assistant  function  from the
tab All Functions?Measurements  I/O?NI  DAQmx. DAQ
is an automatic wizard  that  allows for quick and
software configuration so  that  it  uses the card
desired. After placing  it  on  the  diagram, wait
the dialog box  appears  in  which  we  choose the
of operation  and  the  signal  which  we  want to
We use analog input  and voltage measurement. Then
dialog  box  will  appear  displaying  a  list  of
devices measurement and  control  channels and the
available to these  devices.  We  mark  both given
input channels we want  to  use  and we finish the
In response, appears the last  dialog box with the
name as the  wizard,  in  which  you should select
parameters  as  sampling    frequency,  number  of
collected in one run, range  of input values, data
mode, and more. We  leave  default values if these
and close the  dialog  box  by  pressing "OK". DAQ
Assistant changes. It  currently  has  a number of
and outputs, the most  important  of  which is the
data. Using the  context  menu  we  to this output
a graphic indicator (chart)  and  run the program.
waveforms  should  appear  on  the  graph  signals
to the card  from  both  generators.  We  stop the
and modify voltage  range  settings for individual
the  number  of   collected   points  or  sampling
then restart the  program.  The  signal we observe
not stable. If  we  want  it  to  become  so it is
to  establish  the  so-called  trigger  threshold.
threshold is the voltage that  must be appear on a
input channel of  the  card  for data accumulation
be  performed   (triggered).    Because   the  DAQ
function in  the  configuration  we  use  does not
for setting of  the  trigger  threshold,  the data
by  it    are    accumulated    continuously  thus
voltage values appear on  both  output channels of
card. If we  want  the  data  to  be  shown on the
only when their voltage value 
